When I went to there and there is not my mother. And all those ladies look like no one I know.
And from that group, two women, one is a nun and the other is my kind of friend, a friend that I
remember.
And she came. They both are coming from that group. And they said, "Oh, now how are you? Are you
okay?"
"And I'm so happy that you're able to come here." They said, "Are you all okay?"
"And I'm also happy that we met each other." And then I didn't post that to them. And they said, "
Don't make post that to me. We are same. Don't make post that."
So then kind of there is a big leader in the group, one leader of all men. So I didn't post that to
them.
And then when I went to post that, and this lady said, the principal lady, "Oh, now the time is
coming soon to get your treasures."
And then I asked them, "Are we same?" She asked. And when I asked, "Are we same?"
And they said, "No, this is not kungabang," she said. They just said, "This is not kungabang."
And then I said, "I'm Soka City," which is very famous in the Indian. So I'm the Soka City, and
another is Dabhamtari, which is the other Nakhini itself.
So then they said that it is epic. Then I asked this other one, the big leader, that one.
And I told to her, I met again one more post session to her. When I met the post session to her,
that leader, the principal leader of the Nakhini,
she rose up in the cushion, and she completely cut her body with curvy knives.
Curvy knives, it kind of looks all red, and I just was so scared with that, I couldn't look.
And I said, "Amma," I mean, it's to be this very custom that they call, "Amma," when they're kind
of scared or something, they call, "Amma,"
she called that, and she kind of moved back. And then all the ladies surrounded by that, they said,
"Why are you afraid? Why are you saying that?
Open your eye, look to this." This is the sub-bone medalla of the sub-bone great medalla. It is
time to just behold that, drop, and open your mind.
Oh, sorry, open your eye. So when I open my eye slowly, and all these ladies are completely
transformed,
just a regular lady, transformed as like Dabhamtari, gestures, all dressed in different dresses.
And the center of that lady who did that is the Vidyavara house.
And here in the Vidyavara, her body, her body, all the peaceful wrath we did is all shimmering
within her body.
And she said, "This is the significant empowerment of the Nikinis, and I'm opening, and I'm
empowering you, I'm giving you the blessings."
And this teaching what I'm giving you, this is the time and where you should spread it, and who
will hold, where you will be benefited.
Those all are in extractions. This teaching is going to open soon, it's going to reveal soon, and
don't forget that.
And you are my messengers. You will do benefit activities. She said, "That's kind of very loudly
storms."
And then immediately, all of those are being transformed into as glowing lights.
And they can level it up in the sky, sky, in the sky, and there's this sky. And I said to that Nik
ini, the first two Nikinis, that one, Shukasiddhi.
And she said that, "I'm so happy and so delightful, so delightful, so thankful that you give me all
this empowerment in the teachings."
But my physical condition as a lady, I don't have all the opportunity to benefit from this, what
you want me to do.
But I can do this, because my condition are the physical conditions, and how I can benefit too.
And this Nikini said, "No, but lady, don't feel sad about being a woman."
Remember what Guru P Vayma Sambha said to you, Nikini Surya asked that.
And Guru P Vayma Sambha said, "Lady, body is supreme body. Lady is supreme ladies."
By that, there are so many great marriage activities. And also, there are mother of the old Buddhas
.
But Buddhas is the indestructible true nature. But women is the indestructible true nature.
Should we always make aspirations to become as women, women or ladies? And everything are taken
birth, or are emanating because of the ladies.
Therefore, ladies are the... All the women are the... What's it called? The spoil or the seed of
the Buddha teachings.
This is the... And this body of lady is not bad, it is the best.
And you never thought that you give up the body of the woman. Always keep this, this body.
And that's what the Guru P Vayma Sambha said. You remember that? So they said that, she said that.
And now, this old teachings that you received, it has varieties of the... different varieties of
teachings of the five Gurus.
And that is hidden, is your share, and you're going to benefit, you're going to reveal that in each
direction of this.
And soon you will go there, and you will reveal, and going to benefit that.
Then, and then again, that reappeared that press for Nakini.
And now I'm going to the Pure Land of the Copper Glory Mountain.
I am no difference. And you always do keep me in your mind, in your heart.
I will be always with you, you. And don't, don't upset and don't worry.
And reality level, there's not coming, not going. It's true nature, it's beyond coming and going.
It's previous nature, rest in that nature, pure from the beginning, that is summoned by the
absolute, summoned by the status.
And she said that, at that moment, everything has disappeared as a rainbow light, and also I woke
up.
So that is Sarananda's dream and the visions, visions of this teaching.
And again, this Saragananda is, of course, her teachings are still not many.
Again, they say that because of when he had conditions, when he came to this exhibit, not
immediately materialized.
And so his teachings are really kind of like, many of those kind of like, disappeared.
But most of the connected now is existing, and her teachings are so beautiful when I read, really,
it's so, so clear, so precise.
And when I read, this is like, same as the world of the kumchimas, kumchimas, doki teachings.
Teachings, we talk, it's just really like that. I mean, she didn't start, she didn't go toward that
.
And if academic levels, this is really the sign of this great, it comes like this.
I mean, just like, their teachings come so flowing, so authentic, so precise, so clear, so powerful
, powerful.
And that captures the meaning completely, exactly, and very good stuff too, really beautiful.
So that is my great talk about all these great masters.
We remember, we activate our connection to this great ethos, and which is our practices.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Now we do one minute here.
(audience applauding)